Fix wording around github package installation (#596)
astronomer/docs: software/customize-image.md

- The [Astronomer CLI](cli-quickstart.md).
- A [Software project](create-project.md).

> - One or more private GitHub repositories containing Python packages that can be installed by pip (see [PEP 516](https://peps.python.org/pep-0516/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).
- Private GitHub repositories hosting code for each of your Python packages. 
```

- An [SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo.

### Step 1: Specify the Private Repository in Your Project

> To add a Python package from a private repository to your Software project, specify the URL in the format `git+ssh://git@github.com/<organization_name>/<repository>.git` in your project's `requirements.txt` file in conjunction with any other packages. For example, to install the packages `mypackage1` & `mypackage2` from `myorganization` as well as numpy version 1.22.1, your `requirements.txt` should contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a Python package from a private repository to your Astro project, specify repository's SSH URL in your project's `requirements.txt` file. This URL should be formatted as `git+ssh://git@github.com/<organization-name>/<repository>.git`. 

For example, to install the `mypackage1` & `mypackage2` from `myorganization`, as well as `numpy v 1.22.1`, you would add the following to `requirements.txt`:
```

- The [Astronomer CLI](cli-quickstart.md).
- A [Software project](create-project.md).

> - Private GitHub repositories hosting code for each of your Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).
- A private GitHub repository for each of your custom Python packages.
- An [SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo(s).
```
